 
 
SDGP 2025/26 CW 2 
“Implementation”  
Template and Guidelines 
 
Deadline 
Monday, 23rd of March 2026, on or before 1 PM via 
Blackboard and Google Form - https://forms.gle/CuBfnEAMXrrpEs1F9  
 
EVERYONE HAS TO SUBMIT BOTH SUBMISSIONS ON BLACKBOARD AND GOOGLE FORM 
 
Vivas will be from the 30th of March 2026 onwards. Viva's schedule will be updated on the SDGP main 
document. 
 
Mitigation/SC 
 
Please note that you can NOT mitigate the entire module now that we have completed the 
module. However, if you wish you can apply for a SC and the module team has no problem 
about it and will approve.  
 
Otherwise, you can mitigate it if you think your project is incomplete. If only 1 member wants to 
mitigate, the others can submit and face the viva. Viva for students who claim the SC will be 
done before 30/04. All Mitigated projects approved will be done during the refer/defer period. 
 
Details on the SC and mitigation process must be taken from the registry. 
 
Other useful documents 
●​ SDGP CW 2 Marking Scheme 
 
Things to submit - 
1.​ Implementation Zip file (If file is too large for BB, submit the full zip via the Google form and 
limited zip via BB) 
2.​ Implementation group report 
3.​ Demo of MVP Video demonstration (YouTube Unlisted video) 
4.​ Hosted marketing website 
5.​ Marketing video 
6.​ Social Media Page links 
7.​ Git Commit history (minimum 20 commits) 
 

---PAGE_BREAK---
 
 
SDGP Module information for the Cover page  
 
Module Name - Software Development Group Project 
Module Code - 5COSC021C 
Module Leader - Banuka Athuraliya 
 
Topics to be covered 
 
The following topics must be covered in the Implementation.  
 
1.​ Cover Page 
2.​ Declaration Page 
3.​ Abstract + Keywords 
4.​ Acknowledgement 
5.​ Table of Contents 
6.​ List of Figures 
7.​ List of Tables 
8.​ Abbreviations table 
9.​ Chapter 1: Implementation 
10.​Chapter 2: Testing 
11.​ Chapter 3: Evaluation 
12.​Chapter 4: Conclusion 
13.​References 
14.​Appendix 
 
 
You have to make a demo video of your SDGP prototype and record the 
functionality working as given in CW 1. If you have a hardware component, 
you need to demo that functionality too. There can be slight changes to 
what is mentioned in CW 1, but it has to be explained in the video. 
(Maximum 20 minutes) 
 
Guidelines to be covered 
 
Ensure to include a good cover page with all the important information according to the university 
standards. The cover page should not contain a page number. Numbering starts from the declaration page 
and it should be numbered using lowercase roman letters. 
The main content of the document starts from this point onwards. 
The main content should use an indo-arabic numbering system. There is no set page limit for the 
implementation report. 

---PAGE_BREAK---
 
 
You get marks for formatting. Therefore, make sure that the document is well-formatted. The following 
are mandatory for every team report, 
●​ The top right of the document should mention what chapter it is. Eg - "Chapter 1 - 
Implementation" or "Chapter 2 - Testing". It should change from chapter to chapter. This can 
be done using Section breaks on Microsoft Word. Watch some tutorials on it if you don't know 
how to do it. 
●​ Bottom right you should have the page number 
●​ Bottom left you should have your team name and number (Eg - "IIT - SE-1") 
●​ Use the appropriate font sizes (H1 size 16, H2 size 14, H3 size 12, and Body size 12) - and the 
font must be Times New Roman and NOT any other fancy fonts!  
●​ Make sure the text is justified and proper alignment is there. 
●​ Images and tables should have captions and must be linked to the list of figures and tables. 
●​ Don't have blank spacing unnecessarily. 
It is a must to have the table of contents, list of figures, and list of tables. (All this must be auto-generated 
and NOT typed) 
 
Make sure to use uniform numbering in the document. Chapter 1 numbering should be 1, 1.1, 1.1.1, etc. 
Chapter 3 should be 3, 3.1, 3.2, 3.2.1, etc. 
 
Have references to prove your statements or points. It will give credibility to what you say with references 
most of the time. Rather than you saying something, it is best to use valid research work to prove your 
statements. It is mandatory to use the Harvard referencing style. 
 
Make sure everyone contributes to the project report, and it is recommended that you use Google docs to 
collaborate with your team (as this will be checked during the viva to see the Individual contribution) and 
we recommend you finalize the formatting of the document finally using Microsoft Word.  
 
The report must be written in academic writing, therefore please don't use terms like "We" or "I". Check 
other IIT thesis or Sample thesis shared to get an idea. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chapter 1: Implementation 

---PAGE_BREAK---
 
 
You can decide the topics that should be covered in your Implementation chapter. To get an 
idea, check the older thesis shared with you. 
  
1.1 Chapter Overview 
This is a small introduction to your chapter.  
 
1.2 Overview of the prototype 
 
Provide a summary of the implemented prototype 
 
1.3 Technology selections 
 
Justifications on the technologies selected and used. Add a graphic of the tech stack.  
 
1.4 Implementation of the backend component 
 
Explain how the backend is structured (with screenshots and justifications) 
 
1.5 Implementation of the front end component 
 
Explain how the frontend is structured (with screenshots and justifications) 
 
1.6 Implementation of the data science component or hardware component (if applicable) 
 
Explain in detail how the data science component has been implemented (with screenshots and 
justifications) 
 
1.7 GIT Repository 
 
Explain how you used GIT with your project (with screenshots and justifications) 
 
1.8 Deployments/CI-CD Pipeline 
 
Explain about the deployment pipeline (with screenshots and justifications) 
 
1.9 CRUD operations 
 
This should contain a section for each student and with screenshots of code and justifications, 
should contain how everyone was involved with the development of CRUD operations. 
Chapter 2: Testing 

---PAGE_BREAK---
 
 
 
You have the freedom to decide the topics that should be covered in your Testing chapter. To 
get an idea, check the older thesis shared with you. 
 
2.1 Chapter Introduction 
  
This is a small introduction to your chapter.  
 
2.2 Testing Criteria 
 
Explain the criteria selected for testing 
 
2.3 Testing functional requirements 
 
Test results for all functional requirements 
 
2.4 Testing non-functional requirements 
 
Test results for non-functional requirements 
 
2.5 Unit testing 
 
Proof of unit testing conducted (with screenshots of code snippets, results and justifications) 
 
2.6 Performance testing 
 
Proof of performance testing conducted (with screenshots and justifications) 
 
2.7 Usability testing 
 
Proof of usability testing conducted (with screenshots and justifications) 
 
2.8 Compatibility testing 
 
Proof of compatibility testing conducted (with screenshots and justifications)  
-​
Browser compatibility, mobile device compatibility etc. 
 
2.9 Chapter Summary 
 
This is a small summary of your chapter. 

---PAGE_BREAK---
 
 
 
Chapter 3: Evaluation 
 
You have the freedom to decide the topics that should be covered in your Evaluation chapter. To 
get an idea, check the older thesis shared with you. 
 
3.1   Chapter Overview 
This is a small introduction to your chapter.  
 
3.2 Evaluation methods 
Explanation of evaluation methods used. 
 
3.3 Quantitative evaluation 
Justifications for quantitative evaluation 
 
3.4 Qualitative evaluation (Feedback from end users, domain experts and industry experts) 
Justifications for qualitative evaluation. Conduct a thematic analysis. Provide proof where 
possible.  
 
3.5 Self evaluation 
Self evaluation must be conducted by all group members individually and this section will have 
feedback from all group members. 
 
3.6 Chapter Summary 
This is a small summary of your chapter.
 

---PAGE_BREAK---
 
 
Chapter 4: Conclusion 
4.1   Chapter Overview 
This is a small introduction to your chapter.  
 
4.2 Achievements of aims and objectives 
Explain how this project has been successfully completed and how the aims and objectives of CW 
1 - Design and Documentation have been achieved. 
 
4.3 Deviations 
Explain what was changed from the original scope that was given in CW1. Justify why the 
changes were made.  
 
4.4 Limitations of the project 
Explain the limitations of the research and any areas you couldn’t complete due to the limitations 
with justifications. 
 
4.5 Future enhancements 
Explain the future enhancements of this project and research 
 
4.6 Extra work (Competitions, research papers, etc) 
List down and provide proof of all the competitions/conferences/hackathons you or your team 
has taken part in during the SDGP time. If one person in a team has even participated 
individually, please add proof here 
 
4.7 Concluding remarks 
Conclusion of your project 
References 
Harvard referencing Westminster style ONLY accepted 
 
Have a separate numbering sequence for the references section and Appendix. Ideally, the page 
numbering should be Uppercase roman numerals 
 
Appendix 
Each section under the appendix should be named “Appendix A”, “Appendix B” etc. 
Continue the numbering sequence from the reference section.  
 

---PAGE_BREAK---
